# Generated Templates

<<<<<<< HEAD
This folder is for the development of the final boiler plate code that will be generated by Web Template Studio. This code has been converted into templates that the core engine can use. The templates can be found in the template folder in the root of the project.

## React

Contains the list, grid and master detail pages made with react front-end and express back-end. The react front-end is based on [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and the express back-end is based on the [express generator](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/generator.html).

The react templates can be run using:

`yarn install` or `npm install`
=======
This folder is for the development of the final boiler plate code that will be generated by web template studio. This code is then converted into templates that the Core Engine Can use
>>>>>>> Created README for Vue mock

`yarn start` or `npm start`

<<<<<<< HEAD
After starting the web app the front-end will be available at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/) and the back-end will be available at [localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001/). Further details can be found in the README located in the `react-mocks` folder.
=======
`multi-page` - Currently contains about, contact, home and blog pages. Blog is connected to a express backend and stores comments in a Cosmos Database.

`blog-redux` - Contains a blog page built with react, bootstrap and redux.

`materialui-multi-page` - Contains a list, grid and master detail page built with react, material-ui and an express back end. The back end template contains code for a connection to Cosmos that is commented out in the /server/routes folder. To use Cosmos uncomment the code in /server/routes, rename .env-change-me to .env and add your connection string to the .env file.

`Vue` - Contains a list, grid and masterdetail page built with Vue and Bootstrap CSS.
>>>>>>> Created README for Vue mock
